OCPBUGS#9159: ExternalIPs should not be used by egressIPs (#57107)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-service-external-ip.adoc

> * Your cluster is configured with ExternalIPs enabled. For more information, read xref:../../networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-externalip.adoc#configuring-externalip[Configuring ExternalIPs for services].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your cluster is configured with ExternalIPs enabled. For more information, read xref:../../networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-externalip.adoc#configuring-externalip[Configuring ExternalIPs for services].
+
[NOTE]
====
Do not use the same ExternalIP for EgressIP.
====
```

Author: Addressed

[NOTE]
====

> Do not use the same ExternalIP for EgressIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use the same ExternalIP for the egress IP.
```

In my suggestion, I used "egress IP," but use either "egress IP" or "`EgressIP object`", depending on your intended meaning.

Author: Addressed
